backend/README.md, before:

# BrightByte backend
This is the BrightByte backend project.

 #### Optional

 Since version v0.6.0 it is available a new optional feature that allows the user to use a integration with their favorites systems for version control, to automate the use of the webapp. Right now the only provider available is Bitbucket, in the future Github ang Gitlab will also be implemented.
 
 To enjoy this new feature you have to use a custom set of varibles.
 Set `BITBUCKET_KEY`, `BITBUCKET_SECRET` and `BITBUCKET_WORKSPACES` in `src/backend.config.ts` to adapt to your preferences.
 For more information about how to get your own keys and secret you can check our explanation [here](https://tech.tribalyte.eu/blog-brightbyte-v0-6) 

 #### Run the backend

- Install the dependencies by running npm install.
- Add the bright smart contract ABI to the path: `src/assets/build/Bright.json`.
- Set `src/backend.config.custom.ts` variable to your node IP.
- Set `WEBAPP_URL` and `BRIGHTBYTE_DB_PORT` variables in `src/backend.config.ts` to adapt to your preferences.
- Run `npm start` to start the backend.

 #### Run the backend with docker image from docker hub

- Set the node websocket url by running `WEBSOCKET_URL=ws://localhost:7545`
- Set backend allow-origins direction if needed `ORIGIN_URL=http://localhost:8100`
- Set backend port `BACKEND_PORT=3000`
- In order to keep avatars persistently, it's possible to use Docker volumes. The following variables are for this purpose: `BACKEND_STORAGE_PATH`, `CONTAINER_PERSISTENCE_PATH` and `HOST_DIRECTORY`
- Set backend persintance path for the avatars `BACKEND_STORAGE_PATH=/public/`
- Set the volume directories `HOST_DIRECTORY=/home/ubuntu/brightbyte-volume` and `CONTAINER_PERSISTENCE_PATH=$BACKEND_STORAGE_PATH`
- Create and run de container `docker run -e "NODE_WEBSOCKET_URL=${WEBSOCKET_URL}" -e "WEBAPP_URL=${ORIGIN_URL}"  -e "PORT=${BACKEND_PORT}" -e "IMAGE_STORAGE_PATH=${BACKEND_STORAGE_PATH}" -p ${BACKEND_PORT}:${BACKEND_PORT}/udp -p  ${BACKEND_PORT}:${BACKEND_PORT}/tcp -d -v ${HOST_DIRECTORY}:${CONTAINER_PERSISTENCE_PATH} brightbyte/backend:latest` ('latest' can be changed for the tag of any version available at https://cloud.docker.com/u/brightbyte/repository/docker/brightbyte/backend)
- To include the optional feature of the integration with Bitbucket add at the docker run instruction the necessary variables `-e "BITBUCKET_KEY=xxxxxx" -e "BITBUCKET_SECRET=XXXXXX" -e "BITBUCKET_WORKSPACES=workspace1"`

Commit message:

Modify Backend README
- with the instructions to deploy cotainer with  https

backend/README.md, after:

# BrightByte backend
This is the BrightByte backend project.

 #### Optional

 Since version v0.6.0 it is available a new optional feature that allows the user to use a integration with their favorites systems for version control, to automate the use of the webapp. Right now the only provider available is Bitbucket, in the future Github ang Gitlab will also be implemented.
 
 To enjoy this new feature you have to use a custom set of varibles.
 Set `BITBUCKET_KEY`, `BITBUCKET_SECRET` and `BITBUCKET_WORKSPACES` in `src/backend.config.ts` to adapt to your preferences.
 For more information about how to get your own keys and secret you can check our explanation [here](https://tech.tribalyte.eu/blog-brightbyte-v0-6)

Since version v2.0.0-cloud you can enable secure communications as the Transport Layer Security (TLS) has been implemented.
Set `BACKEND_SECURE_PATH`, `SECRET_PRIVATE_KEY` and `SECRET_CERTIFICATE_CRT` in `src/backend.config.ts` to adapt to your preferences.
`BACKEND_SECURE_PATH` it will indicate where to find your secure files, `SECRET_PRIVATE_KEY` and `SECRET_CERTIFICATE_CRT` will specify the name of your secrets files.

 #### Run the backend

- Install the dependencies by running npm install.
- Add the bright smart contract ABI to the path: `src/assets/build/Bright.json`.
- Set `src/backend.config.custom.ts` variable to your node IP.
- Set `WEBAPP_URL` and `BRIGHTBYTE_DB_PORT` variables in `src/backend.config.ts` to adapt to your preferences.
- Run `npm start` to start the backend.

 #### Run the backend with docker image from docker hub

- Set the node websocket url by running `WEBSOCKET_URL=ws://localhost:7545`
- Set backend allow-origins direction if needed `ORIGIN_URL=http://localhost:8100`
- Set backend port `BACKEND_PORT=3000`
- In order to keep avatars persistently, it's possible to use Docker volumes. The following variables are for this purpose: `BACKEND_STORAGE_PATH`, `CONTAINER_PERSISTENCE_PATH` and `HOST_DIRECTORY`
- Set backend persintance path for the avatars `BACKEND_STORAGE_PATH=/public/`
- Set the volume directories `HOST_DIRECTORY=/home/ubuntu/brightbyte-volume` and `CONTAINER_PERSISTENCE_PATH=$BACKEND_STORAGE_PATH`
- Create and run de container `docker run -e "NODE_WEBSOCKET_URL=${WEBSOCKET_URL}" -e "WEBAPP_URL=${ORIGIN_URL}"  -e "PORT=${BACKEND_PORT}" -e "IMAGE_STORAGE_PATH=${BACKEND_STORAGE_PATH}" -p ${BACKEND_PORT}:${BACKEND_PORT}/udp -p  ${BACKEND_PORT}:${BACKEND_PORT}/tcp -d -v ${HOST_DIRECTORY}:${CONTAINER_PERSISTENCE_PATH} brightbyte/backend:latest` ('latest' can be changed for the tag of any version available at https://cloud.docker.com/u/brightbyte/repository/docker/brightbyte/backend)
- To include the optional feature of the integration with Bitbucket add at the docker run instruction the necessary variables `-e "BITBUCKET_KEY=xxxxxx" -e "BITBUCKET_SECRET=XXXXXX" -e "BITBUCKET_WORKSPACES=workspace1"`
- To include the security feature it is mandatory to use Docker, the following variables are for this purposes `-e "BACKEND_SECURE_PATH=/localDirectory" -e "SECRET_PRIVATE_KEY=private.key" -e "SECRET_CERTIFICATE_CRT=certificate.crt"`
